I see terminal green in the wireframe digital global logos of Omondi, the knits of Namacheko, the black and neon accented sneakers of Errolson Hugh. It haunts the graphics of motocross pants, throwback 90s skate graphics, rave, and sci-fi homages.
The shade isn't uniform, but that's the whole point. It's just a ghost. A suggestion. It's as if our resolutions have increased, our screens have swelled, and though we've forgotten how to make it, we're trying anyway.  Early computer monitors were just televisions and oscilloscopes, black and white boxes repurposed in laboratories, parts of dedicated terminals to access computers so large they took up rooms. They discovered that white phosphor didn’t render text very well onscreen. It was blurry. They tried green because it was the cheapest available phosphor. It worked. They used orange, yellow, and red, too, but I mostly remember the green.  On January 28th 2018, SZA's performance at the Grammy's featured a projection which started out with typical trippy 70s graphics, before subtly morphing into a full on computer terminal digital rain crawl. The color started as a light phosphor-esque jade, seeming to move to another color before shifting back, convincing you for a second you didn't know what you were looking at. It was like SZA was singing from the palace of a cyberpunk Emerald City.  For the rest of this year I have kept seeing hints of terminal green's acceleration, particularly in clothing.  Terminal green is for those of us who want to dress like a system behind a system. To access the framework underneath that which can be seen if you know where to look. The green and the black bring back memory we cannot access. A suggestion of an art, an artifice, which we have lost the ability to create.  In the 1980s and 1990s, terminal green screamed from the inner labels of countless electronic 12" singles and video game box art. Terminal fonts greeted you from t-shirts that also hosted smiley faces and alien heads. There were round radar screens. Missile trails. Floating matrix grids. I remember as an elementary schooler being obsessed with a t-shirt that hung in almost tatters on a shaggy twenty-something's neck in a restaurant my parents had taken me to. I looked at it the whole set, keeping the image in my head for years, a circle with lines and a quarter taken out, a word that started with an R.  When I was 16, I would see it again, realizing it was the logo of Aphex Twin's side project label Rephlex Records. The image had floated in the virtual space of my head for a decade. That's what terminal green can do.
